I think you need doesn't merge you might
just wanna merge I think yes before I go
so I'm just saying if this baby if he's
paying about the age soon you're sucking
psychedelics out they holders must have
been in the mill peace love and trippin
balls had us going a different way up
limping up and down in the halls how
they came out with a blonde in my mouth
and I lean to the left and a clean
little clap the machine felt like until
then felt like a built in pillow top to
make a know you ain't got a fixation on
trying to fix fake shit waffle allows
club full of fake if Mother Love keep on
chatting with gang shit so I was born on
a loan right spaceship dude here
promoting love with a pistol army so
what with him hoodies up all catch me
slippin pimp infest the luck busboy
brilliant stockroom ratchet pushing a
packet of pills fast shit just trying to
come up on an extra buck had a couple
bad ones baffle than anyone to be
wondering what the women be let it look
like stripper skaters trainers PhD
candidates and fella but you look at
Mike Rita demonstrators pickets protest
so left so free so blessed actually oh
yes know somebody say something
out-of-pocket why you gotta talk shit
watch it
because I change it up so often itself
roses I could love the orchid often I
think you need this
you might just one
I think you need
before I go I'm feeling glad i got some
papers grapes and songs i made any all
and my bag I got a roaches boom I get it
but face it they coming this crap they
just like haters sugars let them but
they crawling on that I know cuz I was
raised to see faking had the eighties
never seen Regan Whitney venal fiends
hanging all my street begging cup trick
ever babies loud on my pilot's me
training but I can't blame oh they get
money made slinging might as well keep
banging got no filter god I'm lost
gassing like the Holocaust women eyes
are dick supplier my cocktails are
Molotov mugging at the next do what help
their mama Witter bags trying to avoid
the drama but what the fuck is he
looking at vo so guess all overall must
go see jolting oh la lengua that's what
I'll be pressing all my lines like they
fucking Davis hey no we'll get the fuck
up out my way pin
stated of some of this kid saga some
dozen roses I could love her orchid I
think you need this
you might just wanna
before I go whoa whoa wait wait up wait
up wait wait wait wait is that that
motherfucking James over there Hicks
over there hey yo legs I'm gonna need
you up
yeah good look I'm just a baby hippy
fuck so I got a pistol with me
what a bitch attempt will pray my
fingers ain't feeling too slippery and
ever since she was grinching get that
maybe the Lorax
sadly lifted away one day till we met up
in Whoville to make more tract a pastor
preaching sin even peaches the hours
come and a fucker makes off patiently
laying up on a bed of flowers and you
can count the plays it's wrong but shit
I'm only rapping mindlessly babbling the
greatest statements that have ever
happened
both knees walk in this line camera
noises fuck never hide his shit in the
back of my mind we don't somebody be
coming to every motherfucker OVR at real
spit gonna tell me packing big wearing
skip some manner fuck you talkin the
direct effects dear mama and all about
you Bubba's a Walkman but they don't
remember that most digital post pretty
cool close race postmodern hosted in the
red-light post post post about she knows
that's not function is amount of info
dough consumption you got the subs up in
your trunk bump in the hood
I could get them I think you need to
move you might just wanna move I think
you need a summer before I go